All right.
Welcome back my student.
So it's time for us to start putting some data inside the tables right the videos and taxing all that
great stuff right now where we can start retrieving some of this relationship.
OK.
So let's go to our beach be my admin.
All right.
And let's go to see we've got we've got some polls.
Let's actually before we do that we need to migrate this table.
OK guys so let's go ahead and migrate it because we just created it.
And then whenever migrated.
All right.
So BHB already soon migrate.
Ok cool.
Let's refresh.
Beautiful.
All right.
So let's go to
this video first and I start with videos and I put the name here.
Doing a movie for movie and coding faculty.
A movie.
Oh here we go.
All right so we got those there let's do tax I'm starting from from here actually because I want to
feel loved to this relationship.
I want to make sure that they have they have the OK videos pose.
Let's go to tags.
I'm leaving Tiger was for last.
OK.
So tags and let's go things are some data.
The name of this tag could be I don't know BHB.
All right.
And
this one could be Javascript or something like that.
Right.
Doesn't have to be to too many of them.
And let's go to tag.
OK.
Let's answer some data here.
All right.
So the tag ID for this one would be the number one.
OK.
That's the tag ID the tag ID.
This is going to belong to video number one.
And the type with the app.
OK.
And video.
There we go.
All right.
This is just an example guys.
All right so don't worry about the data too much.
Oh you know what.
This is the tag that will.
I just realized that this valuable time needs to be a string.
All right cool.
So this is the great thing about Clarabelle we can go back and roll back right.
Let's roll these back real quick.
All right.
So APHC migrate.
Roll back and we rolling back those three.
Beautiful.
So now let's fix that.
Let's go right here to toggles and convert this to a string.
Now let's do migrate here.
BHB and migrate enter.
You see how easy that was.
Now let's refresh right here.
We're good to go again.
OK let's do some videos real quick.
All right.
Insert let's make it more semantic something that makes sense.
So let's just say BHB is need.
Insert the that a movie and this one would be.
Javascript.
Alert function or something like that.
That will be all right.
Now let's get the tags and this sensors some tags.
This is going to be BHB ashes javascript.
OK let's go to Tiger was and believe that number one is that for PH BE videos and we sure have.
That's fine.
Let's go to tag's Tiger Woods I mean insert.
All right.
So the first tag is going to be the ID Number one the one that we created for ph I believe will ID number
one is fine and Tiger will type.
This is going to be a video.
There we go.
So we put the model here.
Beautiful.
All right so the tag for that.
Now we need to create another tag.
All right.
So thats cool for that.
I mean see one second.
All right.
Let's create another one tag number two.
Taggett will ID is I believe number one and Tegel what type is app post.
Actually we can even more or less you just make that polls
.
OK.
So let's just go to the polls right now and let's just add this for a quick and let's me.
Does Joe script
.
That's fine.
You don't have to have the same data as me.
Just make sure that all the data is filled OK.
So
knishes make sure that all these days is filled.
That's fine.
This is that tug of war.
The one actually for post number one.
So I'm just half or see the meaning that I am very big of other stuff that I do.
So this is going to be BHB guys sorry about that.
OK.
Don't get lazy and write it down array
.
And let's go back where is it or what.
Them are one and make this one javascript again.
All you have to do is have some type of data here so that you can recognize it.
When we retrieve it.
Ok cool.
Now I call it really doesn't matter as long as we have the data filled up.
All right.
So anyway let's go to our HP storm.
Oh I hope you know what we are doing here guys.
All right.
If I explain it before let me just go over a real quick OK.
We have we're pulling we're relating we're putting tags on videos and tags on posts.
OK.
That's what we're doing and that's why they target was right here because it tagged I.D. is right here
is number one is BHB that's a tag I.D. OK.
And then that target I.D. is the for this one.
Here is the video.
So that tag I.D. tag NYPD is this guy right here ID number one that's a tag Y.D..
OK and of course the motto is videos right video.
Remember that the motto is a singular version in with the upper case.
So.
All right.
So that's very simple.
Let's go and start pulling out some data out of the out of it.
Let's go to ETP routes.
If you want to make a comment make this for Lee morphic.
Many too many.
OK.
All right.
So how do we pool information from this relationship.
Remember how we did it with the last relationships right.
We used met his name as a dynamic property and that's exactly how we do it.
So let's say for example I want to pulao their tax for the post.
So I'm going to do this.
I'm going to go and Querrey that model.
I'm going to find the part number one for example.
OK.
And then I look through it.
But let's create a route and let's just write it down route.
And I'm going to write something that makes sense right.
That's right.
Polls.
Polls tag something like that and function parentheses curly brackets bring it down.
Oh go whoops.
Go now we write out for each loop
we go.
PPOs tags.
Tag the killer.
And then here we just echo tag name.
All right cool.
So let's open this up see a mess and it's to pull pulls out enter.
Whoops We misspelled our motto.
Here we go.
Enter as you can see the post tag for now one is javascript array.
Pretty cool stuff right.
So now we can also retrieve the owner of the polymorphic relation from the polymorphic model.
All right.
By testing the name of the method that performs the call to more of a by many.
Ok super simple.
So on that we're going to do it in the next lecture because this lecture has been very long so I want
you to try to actually pull out that Warner OK.
So basically is everything backwards here OK so if you're pulling out of the pool stacks you can pull
out the tags polls.
OK.
So anyway I'll show you how to do that in the next lecture.
Thank you so much for watching guys.
It's been a pleasure.
And actually they are not saying goodbye just for the next lecture.
Hey take care.
See you in the next lecture.
Bye bye.